{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green21\blue22;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c11373\c10980\c11373\c70196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Last submission (update date) of Employee Performance Appraisal:  10/12/20\
\
\
Completed the employee training on user achetypes and competitors.\
\
Technical skills:  \
\
Contributed to Insights validations for the Snowflake transition.  Made some fixes: DAS.   Working on a list by table that outlines the bug fixes.   \
\
During the last data load for MDPCP,  I updated the ODS configs to accommodate changes and created the DAS ticket for it and assigning it to myself.  Created the DAS ticket for the staging config modification as well.   For MDPCP, I also created a python script that would identify zip corruption issues.   \
Created a ticket on this for engineering to automate and incorporate in workflow.  \
\
Created a python script that would pivot member month data.  \
\
Worked with Marc Simon in creating a new automated QA test. \
\
Also Blue Button technical skills though:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdPyV6ggGA4&t=202s\
\
\
Under Business Skills:  \
Researched information about Blue Button: Patient, Coverage, EOB (including varied EOB Profiles: Carrier Claim, Inpatient Claim, Outpatient Claim, DME Claim \'85).  The formats for these are presented in pages like the following which I\'92ve reviewed:  https://bluebutton.cms.gov/assets/ig/index.html\
\
\
\
\
\
Fill-in the DAS tickets\
\
Under Development plan, mentioned desire to learn more about git too. \
Mention the need to pick up speed.  \
\
Mention the desire to grow SQL skill more too.  \
\
in goals OKR section/and development section of self assessment, mention the desire to learn about Change data by reviewing Jira tickets, confluence documents and doing QA\
\
Goals can flow from development}